benvenuti amici my name is Isabella
motor Jetta vacati
and I am your personal chef today
because I'm going to teach you how to
make a wonderful penne pasta with spicy
vodka tomato and cream sauce so let's
get started
the very first thing of course we want
to do while we're preparing the sauce is
put the water in to boil and of course
to cook rather we have a beautiful pot
of rolling boiling water right here now
remember whenever you put your pasta in
the water the one tip I'm going to give
you if that water doesn't taste like the
ocean you're doing your pasta and
injustice or remember you only get one
shot guys to make that pasta taste like
it wants to be so let's stir that up
what we're gonna do is we're going to
heat up our saute pan and I'm gonna cut
up some pancetta now punch at is like an
Italian bacon you need about a quarter
pound you noticed I have this actually
sliced and there's no rhyme or reason on
how it has to be alright whatever is
easier for you if you want to separate
it because it's easier for you to do it
that way by all means we're gonna put
this bunch etta in the saute pan very
shortly as a matter of fact let's get
that butter in you want two tablespoons
of butter here's one and two
now we need the olive oil because the
olive oil is in the keeps of butter from
burning so let me just melt that down
perfect and I'm gonna throw the punch it
in right now
it's got a little more to go okay
perfect
you want to lower that a little bit
because you don't want to burn it
because you want to cook this but you
want it nice and crispy while I'm here
let's make sure you stir that pasta
remember no mushy pasta and my Kachina
or yours for that matter okay as I have
this nice and low I'm gonna leave this
here
alright let's chop some onions as the
bunch hit that is cooking getting it
nice and crisp you want to take an onion
I had a really large onion and I didn't
need that whole thing so I just cut it
in half and all we're gonna do is we're
just going to chop it that doesn't have
to be so fine you're gonna learn in my
style of cooking that cooking is not
scientific at all I don't get myself
crazy on how big the pieces are they
don't have to be exact I just want them
in there and they're almost the same
there you go you notice I got this
another piece that I need to let go so
I'm gonna leave this right here notice I
also have my fresh tomato sauce that I
made earlier I have some wonderful
parsley because we're gonna need that so
you know what well that pancetta is
cooking let's take a nice handful of
fresh parsley and let's chop that up too
you know how I feel about herbs by the
way you know I always teach you a word
or two in Italian so I'm gonna teach you
how to say parsley and parsley in the
tightest bread semolo I'm gonna say it
one more time Bret Sam Malone
thank you so here we go we got our
parsley we have our onions chopped that
pancetta is ready and we're gonna add
the wonderful chopped onions that we
just took care of cheapo a lie that's
how you say onions cheap Ola all right
smells heavenly I love the smell of fun
Chester
Oh fabulous it's nice and crispy and it
has that wonderful saltiness to it let's
get my herbs over I want my fresh tomato
sauce and my frets mmm Allah remember
how I taught you how to say that in
Italian I'm gonna leave it right here
perfect now well where's the vodka right
here my friends right here let's put it
in right now don't you love that sound
we're gonna throw that in we're gonna
throw the fresh tomato sauce in ah
doesn't this look beautiful do you
notice that it takes no time at all to
make these dishes and of course we're
gonna need the cream but not just yet
now I know that pastas ready I'm gonna
turn this off
we're gonna drain it okay we're gonna
drain this pasta right now now while
we're draining don't forget to put about
a cup of the reserved pasta water aside
because you never know when you're gonna
need it to stretch that sauce just a
little bit okay I'm gonna leave it right
here pot a moment now what are we doing
we added the sea vodka we added the
fresh tomatoes and we're gonna add the
cream now now I like using half-and-half
many people use heavy cream I prefer to
make this as healthy as possible so I'm
gonna use the half-and-half what else am
I gonna do I'm gonna add these beautiful
herbs in toss that in and last but not
least I'm going to taste this before we
throw this pasta in can you see how
beautiful this looks
ah this looks gorgeous
why don't never years my Nona would say
that is simply dill it's your song but
you know what I like a kick we're gonna
throw a little more red pepper in this
baby
we're gonna stir it up and now we're
gonna take that pasta and take it and
toss it right in just like this now let
me tell you a restaurant trick you never
ever ever sauce the pasta in the bowl
that you're serving it in you always
want to sauce the pasta right here in
the pan because what you want to do is
you want these flavors to marry you want
them to just come together and you're
gonna see what happens if you let this
simmer just for a few moments it'll be
perfect all right here we go I want you
to see this gorgeous gorgeous spicy
penne pasta you're gonna love it with
vodka and pancetta and herbs and a touch
of cream you notice that it's not heavy
at all watch this
to me this is a fabulous dish and how
long did it take not very long at all
the only thing I would do is add a
little bit of Romano cheese okay a
little more cuz I like my Romano and of
course I'm gonna taste it one more time
and I want you to see hmm that's amazing
your family's gonna want us for dinner
remember chef Isabella Isabella Villa
Cucina
benvenuti in vivid abenney amici
livewell my friends and buon appetito
ciao
you